README.md, before:

# TubeBouncer
Firefox browser extension that tries to stop you from watching too much YouTube.

After you've watched 2 youtube videos in a row and start a 3rd one, an alert motivates you to do something else. This alert can just be closed, and it's very simple to game the system, so this is not meant to be a hard stop (like a child lock), in case you were intentionally watching many youtube videos in a row.

This is purely to help me not binge watch youtube as often and is not really intended to be production quality (still can't believe `setInterval` is the only way to check for changes to `location.href`...)

## Installation

Download .xpi file from the latest GitHub release, then navigate to [about:addons](about:addons) in your Firefox browser.
Click the cog in the top right, then select "Install Add-on from file.." and choose the .xpi file you downloaded.

## Automation

There is a manual dispatch GitHub Action to automatically bump the extension version and release it to github and AMO [here](https://github.com/niehusst/TubeBouncer/actions/workflows/release.yml). The next version number is automatically deduced based on commit messages since the previous release following the conventional commits guidelines.

It is recommended to always run the release automation from `main`, but it should also work for any other branch as well.

Commit message:

feat!: Switch to enforced 1 hour limit (#4)
* feat!: add storage permission to manifest

* feat!: impl 1h limit on yt per day

README.md, after:

# TubeBouncer
Firefox browser extension that tries to stop you from watching too much YouTube.

After you've been on the YouTube site (presumably watching videos) for 1 hour in any given day, you will be redirected to a different site.

This is purely to help me not binge watch youtube as often and is not really intended to be production quality (still can't believe `setInterval` is the only way to check for changes to `location.href`...)

## Installation

Download .xpi file from the latest GitHub release, then navigate to [about:addons](about:addons) in your Firefox browser.
Click the cog in the top right, then select "Install Add-on from file.." and choose the .xpi file you downloaded.

## Automation

There is a manual dispatch GitHub Action to automatically bump the extension version and release it to github and AMO [here](https://github.com/niehusst/TubeBouncer/actions/workflows/release.yml). The next version number is automatically deduced based on commit messages since the previous release following the conventional commits guidelines.

It is recommended to always run the release automation from `main`, but it should also work for any other branch as well.
